related-info-v3 (#197)
w3c/wai-website-theme: _style-guide/structure-presentation.md

- a semicolon
- parentheses
- an em dash

#### Default approach: separate sentences

In most cases, use separate sentences. This is usually best for readability.

You can use a transition such as “For example”, "That is", “See”, or others.

<div class="inset-text inset-text--related inset-text--condensed" markdown="1">

Examples:

<ul>
  <li>Forms are commonly used to provide user interaction. For example, forms are used for logging in, registering, commenting, and purchasing.</li>
  <li>Is there enough space in the main audio for the description? That is, are there sufficient pauses throughout the narration or speaking where the relevant description will fit?</li>
  <li>WCAG 3 will have a different structure, different conformance model, and broader scope. See <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/wcag3-intro/">WCAG 3 Introduction</a>.</li>
</ul>

</div>

If dividing a complex sentence into two sentences, you might need to add words to make complete sentences.

### Optional approach: one sentence

In some cases described below, you can use one sentence with a semicolon, parentheses, or em dash. Avoid long or complex sentences.

#### Semicolon (optional)

> If the information is short, simple independent clauses, you can use one sentence with a semicolon. Both clauses should be grammatically complete sentences.

Author: ```suggestion
If the information is short and simple, you can use one sentence with a semicolon. The text before and the text after the semicolon should both be grammatically complete sentences.
```

rationale: "clauses" is too jargony
